what's up YouTube I am still in Ohio and
I'm about to head out to the Arlen Expo
I wanted to answer a question that a lot
of you guys asked me which is how I got
sponsored I am sponsored by three major
companies and is such a blessing and I
couldn't be more grateful or thankful
for what I do
oh I wake up every day still I'm like am
I really doing this right now with this
this real life is this really my my job
now is this this is doesn't be like a
job I don't feel like I work I date my
life so when I say I'm very grateful I
really truly mean that when I first got
sponsored it was about two years ago and
it was through Instagram I had like
7,000 Instagram followers and I had a
couple clothing companies reached out to
me they would just send me clothes if I
wore them I would just tag them in it
which was awesome I thought that was
like the coolest thing ever like I get
all these free clothes this is great but
I wasn't a part of a team I wasn't I
wasn't traveling with anyone I just
worked with different companies just
empty clothes I didn't really talk to
anyone I didn't roll with a company
which is totally fine especially when
you're starting out and I did it mostly
for fun I didn't reach out to any
companies at first and I was actually in
college pre-med and my heart was set on
being a neurosurgeon that was my dream I
worked for a homeopathic doctor I was a
surgical assistant for a while and I
shadowed in on big surgeries neuro cases
so I got to see an open brain surgery
and I was like this far away like it was
the coolest thing I've ever seen
and I'll never forget they were
extracting a tumor from the temporal
lobe area I still remember when they
when they were taking this goal off it
sounded like an egg cracking it was just
sorry - grossie
but that was what I wanted to do as I
spent more time with doctors and working
for doctors it made me realize that that
is an amazing amazing career and job but
I want to do something that help people
avoid having to go see the doctor if
that makes sense and I started falling
in love with nutrition and fitness
because I had gained 40 pounds and I was
on my journey losing weight and I loved
the way I felt
sharing what I knew about fitness
nutrition with other people and it
really helped other people and while I
was a surgical assistant actually is
when I started getting sponsorships and
you know just clothing sponsorships was
I was so grateful for I mean a pair of
yoga pants are like fifty dollars and
for me to get a free pair I was like
dude this is freaking awesome like this
I am just so excited about this and I
worked with little companies here and
there if I really like a product I would
share it on my Instagram or my YouTube
but I had to really like the product I
didn't share just anything with the
people that follow me and then I started
getting offers for athlete contract and
to be a part of any company is such a
rewarding and blessing that my first
time that I ever signed a contract was
May 2015 so it hasn't even been a year
that was the first time I had signed a
contract in 2014 towards the end of the
year I had quite a few different
supplement companies reach out to me but
I took like six months or longer six to
eight months to actually pick a
supplement company that I wanted to
represent and be a part of the reason I
did that is because I didn't want to
just sign with anyone I didn't want to
just sign with a company that gave me
the most benefits I actually did try out
many different supplements testing and
trying things in researching and looking
into multiple brands because I did not
want to be a part of a company unless I
knew that company was legit had high
quality products that the products I
recommend you guys are going to be
enough
but the best oh and people thought it
was crazy I had you know friends and
people I worked with that were like why
are you waiting six eight months like
you're wasting time you're going to miss
your chance but I don't regret it I
think that I made a great decision
working with one of nutrition I did not
take it lightly I wasn't like oh yeah I
just sponsorship this company is just
once to sponsor me some just consign
them yep
that is not how I do things I really do
a lot of research so for those of you
that do want to get sponsored or you're
getting offers to get sponsored really
look into the products in the brand in
the owner and what their goals are the
last thing you want to do is sign the
company and not like the products or the
owner or the people or the other
athletes so when I got sponsored with
one up I actually talked to the owner
for like two hours on the phone the
first phone call and I drilled him
assistance sorry buddy but he actually
loved it he was like I love that you're
asking so many questions and he is such
a great owner he was very patient with
me and I really got to know more about
the company and what they stand for and
then the second company I signed with
was also in May I sided lip it apparel
and that took about two months Randle
reached out to me and offered me a a
fleet position with Lippitt apparel I
was like I still remember thinking that
it wasn't him actually damning me Eddie
keep dm2 me and I was like there's no
way because Lippett apparel is such an
incredible branded to be a part of that
I mean I hope
right now though I flew out to LA and I
met with Randall and he told me what
they were looking for in an athlete and
I told him what I was looking for with
working with other companies I really
loved Randall's story and how he started
lipid apparel it's very inspiring I love
the clothing I wear it all the time
people always tell me I wear it like in
every YouTube video which I do close the
time because I really like the clothes I
actually genuinely do wear the clothes
when I'm at the gym when I'm out when
I'm youtubing when I'm visiting my
family when I'm traveling I live in
those comfortable joggers oh my gosh she
was so nice
that was incredible to be sponsored by
lipid apparel and then I also got
sponsored by sweet sweat and that took
like five months that took a while
mostly because we were corresponding and
e-mails back and forth they were kind of
saying what they wanted in an athlete
they never had one before what help with
sweets what as I was actually using it
before I became an athlete genuinely
love the products and use the product I
continue to do so for five months while
we were talking and then I signed a
contract with them so literally within
like four weeks I went from zero to 100
crazy I still remember I was like oh my
gosh like I'm signing three huge
contracts it all happened within four
weeks those talking to these companies
and then I signed with these company
that it was just incredible I feel like
I'm living a dream right now guys for me
to be able to sit here and talk to you
guys and travel the world and work out
eat healthy and teach others how to do
that and be able to get paid for that
that's there's a dream come true I'm
really grateful for the life I live in
for all that I have and for the
companies that I work for
some things that I did to get sponsored
these work for me I'm not saying that
they're going to work for you or they
are like magical secret top secret tips
that are like going to get you that
sponsorship one thing I have done is I
have always kept my page in my YouTube
and my Instagram and any kind of social
media I've always kept it about fitness
I have never really strained from
fitness I did like to bikini shoots when
I first started and actually we wanted
to do gym shoots but I'm pushing
photographers were like we don't have
like a gym setting and I needed photos
dance about to do my first competition
so I did two bikini shoots and they
weren't like raunchy or anything
they were tasteful but I was just not
I'm not a bikini model like talk about
awkward I'm just not like a sexy risque
model I mean you guys saw my runway
video where I was trying to runway my
living room and it was free I'm danced
the whole time like so or one thing I've
always done it's captive Fitness I know
a lot of girls that kind of go towards
the more risque photos implied nude or
semi-nude or topless or bottomless and I
don't think that those girls are bad for
doing that but I personally don't like
to do pictures like that I love having a
mostly female following I know a lot of
you guys that watch my videos in my
Instagram and YouTube and it's mostly
females which i think is so cool and I
know females don't want to see my
boobies or my butt crack or anything
along those lines I didn't want to
attract a male following for the wrong
reasons
I do have guys that follow me when they
come up to me they're like hey I respect
what you do I love what you do you
inspire me those are the kind of
responses that I want from males versus
the raunchy comments which I still get
sometimes to like ill my mom would beat
you up so I'm not saying it's bad to do
those kind of photo shoots or video
shoot really kind of depends on what
your goals are
was to educate people on fitness and
nutrition and as my goal and that's what
I love to do I don't think that me
taking scandalous photos is going to
help me with that goal so I personally
don't do that also my mom would kill me
that just because I don't do it doesn't
mean that I'm going to judge anyone else
for doing it some of I mean some of my
pictures aren't like super holy or
anything but I always keep it about
showcasing the body I just I try to keep
it more tasteful it's hard when you're
doing physique updates because you're
trying to show people curves your muscle
curves I was basically just trying to
tell you guys that you don't have to
take off your clothes in order to get a
sponsorship I never want anyone to think
that you have to lower your morals or
your standards in order to be noticed
you don't have to do that when you have
a larger following companies really like
that because they're able to get their
product out there through your followers
and I grew my social media doing
multiple things I actually made a video
on that if you want to see how to grow
your social media I think it was like 12
different ways to grow your social media
and it was tips that I personally used
and it worked for me being classy if a
company is interested in you another way
that helped me get sponsored was I kept
my youtube and my Instagram very organic
it's what I call it so I don't fill my
Instagram my YouTube with a bunch of ads
I'm not going to make a post and tell
you that corsets are going to make your
waist smaller I'm not going to post
about tees and tell you that you're
going to lose 100 pounds drinking detox
tea I turn a lot of companies down
because I'm not going to lie to my
followers I'm not going to confuse them
I always keep my page organic I always
keep it real I talk about how I feel my
emotions what's going on in my life I
talk about raw things I never lose track
of who I am and what I'm doing I'm going
to use my following to help people read
awareness for fitness and nutrition and
show them my full workout I wanted my
Instagram and my youtube to be helpful
for people I wanted to be
escape for some people that are
struggling with their weight loss or
their journey I wanted people to watch
my videos and be happy laughs make
people smile and inspire people make
people want to workout that is my goal
that goal will never change as are my
tips for Texas video is running very
long and I have to the Arnold or Vadim
is going to kill me for being late and
then after the Arnold I am going to go
sweat off this makeup as gee with Angela
she's gonna kick my butt again
you